In this project, a Quiz App is created using React, AWS Amplify Gen1, and Cognito. Continuous integration and continuous deployment (CI/CD) are also implemented using GitHub.

You'll be able to find some screenshots with the step-by-step of this process in the designate folders.

A- Set-up Environment. folder: set-up-environment/
A-1.Create User with IAM. images: 1-3
A-2. Create credentials for the users in the Security Credentials. Images: 4-8

B- Create React App. Folder: Create-react-app
B-1 Create React App using the command: npx create-react-app <my-app-name>
	Images 1-2
B-2 Move inside the new file (<my-app-name>) and execute amplify-init
	Image 3

C- Authentication with Cognito. Folder: authentication-with-cognito
C-1 Run the command: amplify add auth and verify in aws amplify al apps
	Image 1 -3
C-2 Create a pool of users in AWS Cognito
	Images 4 & 5
C-3. Modify the App.js file. You can copy and paste the code from the App.js added to this repo. Temporally comment the line 19, and from 31 to 33
	Images 6 - 8 
c-4. Install the amplify/UI-react using the command 'npm install aws-amplify @aws-amplify/ui-react' and then run the comman 'npm start' to launch the app locally. 
	Images 9 & 10
C-5. Create a user using a valid email and verify the Cognito users pools to verify the creation
	Images 11 - 14

D- Funcionality and styling. Folder: funtionality-and-styling
D-1. Create two new files (Quiz.js and quizData.js). Copy and paste the code from the sames files from this repo\
	Images 1 - 4
D-2. Uncomment the lines 19 and line 32 in the App.js file
	Image 5
D-3. Save and reload the local app in the browser to verify the changes and the styling. 
	Images 6 - 8 

E Host the front-end in Amplify via GitHub (for CI/CD): Folder: push-local-to-GitHub
E-1. Create a new private GitHub repository dedicated for the CI/CD of you app. 
	Images 1 & 2
E-2. Init and configure git in your local project. link it to your new remote repository. Push your commit and verify all files are transfer
	Images 3 - 5
E-3. Connect your front-end deployment integrating the GitHub repository. This way any time a change is commited and push into your repository, it will trigger a updated deploy in your amplify app automatically. 
	Images 6 - 12
E-4. Create an IAM role for the the deployment. Make sure it counts with the right policy (AdministratorAccess-Amplify). Review and verify the configuration.
	Images 13 - 16
E-5. Deploy app and open it from the domain link provided by amplify. 
	Images 17 - 19. 

